add logging documentation page (#1003)
kysely-org/kysely: site/docs/recipes/0012-logging.md

# Logging

> It is possible to set up logs for all queries executed by `Kysely` using the `log` in the constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to set up logs for all queries using the `log` property when instantiating `Kysely`.
```

> There are 2 ways to configure it :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 2 ways to configure logging:
```

> ## 1. Pass an array with the log level
> 
> You can give an array of log levels to the `log` property in the `Kysely` constructor. The possible values are `'query'` and `'error'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Pass an array with the log event type

You can provide an array of log event types to the `log` property when instantiating `Kysely`.

When `'query'` is included in the array, `Kysely` will log all executed queries, not including parameter values.
When `'error'` is included in the array, `Kysely` will log all errors.
```

```ts
const db = new Kysely({

>   dialect: new PostgresDialect(postgresConfig),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ...
```

  log: ['query', 'error']
});
```

> ## 2. Pass a function to the log property
> 
> Passing function to the `Kysely` constructor. The function will be called with a log event for each query executed. 
> 
> 
> The `LogEvent` interface looks like this :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Provide a custom logging function

You can provide a custom logging function to the `log` property when instantiating `Kysely`. The custom logging function receives a log event as an argument.

The `LogEvent` interface is defined as follows:
```

```ts

> interface LogEvent {
>     level: 'query' | 'error';
>     query: CompiledQuery;
>     queryDurationMillis: number;
>     error: unknown; // only present if level is 'error'
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interface LogEvent {
    level: 'query' | 'error';
    query: CompiledQuery; // this is Kysely's query syntax tree relevant to the query that was executed.
    queryDurationMillis: number; // the time in milliseconds it took for the query to execute and get a response from the database.
    error: unknown; // only present if `level` is `'error'`.
}
```

```

> you can also use the function signature to have more flexibility on how you want to log the queries.
> 
> ```ts
> const db = new Kysely({
>   dialect: new PostgresDialect(postgresConfig),
>   log(event) {
>     // you may want to log only the errored query :
>     if (event.level === "error") {
>         console.error("Query failed : ", {
>           durationMs: event.queryDurationMillis,
>           error: event.error,
>           sql: event.query.sql,
>           params: event.query.parameters,
>         });
>       }
> 
>     // or log all queries :
>     console.log("Query executed : ", {
>       durationMs: event.queryDurationMillis,
>       sql: event.query.sql,
>       params: event.query.parameters,
>     });
>   }
> })
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example:

```ts
const db = new Kysely({
  dialect: new PostgresDialect(postgresConfig),
  log(event) {
    if (event.level === "error") {
        console.error("Query failed : ", {
          durationMs: event.queryDurationMillis,
          error: event.error,
          sql: event.query.sql,
          params: event.query.parameters.map(maskPII),
        });
    } else { // `'query'`
      console.log("Query executed : ", {
        durationMs: event.queryDurationMillis,
        sql: event.query.sql,
        params: event.query.parameters.map(maskPII),
      });
    }
})
```
```

# Logging

It is possible to set up logs for all queries using the `log` property when instantiating `Kysely`.

There are 2 ways to configure logging:

## 1. Provide an array with log level/s

You can provide an array of log levels to the `log` property when instantiating `Kysely`.

When `'query'` is included in the array, `Kysely` will log all executed queries, not including parameter values.
When `'error'` is included in the array, `Kysely` will log all errors.

```ts
const db = new Kysely({
  ...
  log: ['query', 'error']
});
```

## 2. Provide a custom logging function

You can provide a custom logging function to the `log` property when instantiating `Kysely`. The custom logging function receives a log event as an argument.

The `LogEvent` interface is defined as follows:

```ts
interface LogEvent {

>     level: 'query' | 'error';
>     query: CompiledQuery; // this object contains the raw SQL string, parameters, and Kysely's SQL syntax tree that helped output the raw SQL string.
>     queryDurationMillis: number; // the time in milliseconds it took for the query to execute and get a response from the database.
>     error: unknown; // only present if `level` is `'error'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  level: 'query' | 'error';
  query: CompiledQuery; // this object contains the raw SQL string, parameters, and Kysely's SQL syntax tree that helped output the raw SQL string.
  queryDurationMillis: number; // the time in milliseconds it took for the query to execute and get a response from the database.
  error: unknown; // only present if `level` is `'error'`.
```
